Review: Review
Reply: Reply

Review: Great song selection, amazing audio quality. However I have problems everyday with casting to Google home, connection issues, and I lose control of the volume. I need to open the app to be able to change the volume which is an inconvenience. I also think there should be an option to 'shuffle all songs' rather than having to put them all Into a playlist, or 'like' every single song which is very time consuming. Making playlists could be easier too, selecting multiple albums at once for example.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback! We'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘contact us'.

Review: Seems like the random stopping of music has been fixed.thank you! And also people If you can accept what's included on the free spotify aspotify app just upgrade And stop complaining!!
Reply: Hey, thanks for the report. If you haven't tried it yet, we'd suggest clearing the app's cache. Just head to Home > Settings (gear icon) > Storage > Delete cache. If that doesn't help, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service. Just head to support.spotify.com and search "contact us".

Review: They would add their songs to MY PLAYLIST! I can't make a playlist without having songs I didn't put on it on.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback! You can always add more tracks to your playlists to replace the ones we recommend. We have more info about this under “Suggested songs” at https://bit.ly/2zw3Xbj.

Review: I paid last month for Premium Family & my wife. Unfortunately she past away two weeks ago. Love the music, but I'll keep her phone too for when family come 5o visit.
Reply: Hi James! We’re sorry to hear that. We’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout so they can look into this for you. You can find them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: I really don't care about the random pauses in the music. What upsets me is that after 14 days, everything is on shuffle. Like, you cannot pick a certain song on a playlist. Basically, it is forcing you to buy premium or else you will always be annoyed.
Reply: Hi again. If you haven't tried Premium yet, we'd suggest giving our trial a shot so you can listen to your music on demand. Check it out at spotify.com/premium.

Review: Jesus this is frustrating. Even though I force close this app several times, it immediately opens in my car and I can't get it to not connect. It is ridiculously frustrating. Borderline useless. I hope the engineers that worked on this get diarrhea and a cough for a week.
Reply: Hi Cory! We're sorry to hear that. We’d recommend reinstalling the app by following the steps from our support site. Just head to support.spotify.com and search for "Reinstall Spotify". If this doesn’t help, we suggest contacting our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can find them by searching ‘Contact us' instead.

Review: Cannot play any song online. It just freezes and stops songs. It wasn't like this last week so i was wondering what happened. I tried reinstalling but it's still the same.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd suggest getting in touch with our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Sound quality in premium category has decreased. Earlier I was really impressed compare to any other music streaming app.
Reply: Hey! We’re sorry to hear that. We’d recommend getting in touch with our support team by following the steps at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX. They’ll be able to help with this.

Review: Can't scroll through the genres and the genre selection got way worse. If this app wasn't the best one around I wouldn't even use it but that's what happens when 1 company owns virtually the whole market
Reply: Hi Michael! We recommend reinstalling the app to see if that makes a difference. If not, it’d be best if you reach out to our support team so they can look into this. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Finally got Spotify Premium and it's worth it. No more annoying ads and so many features. The price is reasonable to be fair. I just love it.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback – we appreciate it! If you haven't tried Premium yet, we'd suggest giving our trial a shot so you can listen to music without any interruptions. Just head to spotify.com/premium to get started.

Review: UI issues are back in full force
Reply: Hey Jacob, thanks for reaching out! We’d recommend getting in touch with our support team by following the steps at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: App has suddenly become horribly unstable. Frequently, a new song will start, but the notification won't update. When this happens, the app will only open as a black screen and the only way to stop music is to force stop the app. Have tried all the usual troubleshooting, cleared data, reinstalled, etc. but this still happens almost every time i listen to music with the app.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd like to take a closer look at what's happening. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Needs a Lite version - takes up A LOT of memory and space. Downloading, (premium feature), is very cumbersome - you can't even download a single song without adding it to a playlist first. Free version if you click 'no thanks' to watch an ad they play a longer one. Once I find another option for podcasts I'll cut myself free of this app.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback! We always aim to improve, so we’ll get this passed on. You can also add more tracks to your playlists to replace the ones we recommend. To listen without interruptions, we'd suggest giving our Premium trial a shot if you haven't signed up yet. Just head to spotify.com to get started.

Review: Finally Spotify has matured into a decent app worth paying for. A few issues remain: (1) no indicator on playlist screen to show if sequential play or shuffle play is active. Imho there should be two separate buttons, ie a standard play button and a shuffle button with suitable colour change when active. (2) should have an "AI" button to play more songs like this based on past listening history. (3) Need "hey Spotify" voice commands, especially when driving. Keep up the innovation 👍
Reply: Hey! We’d love to get some more info from you so we can investigate and help fix this. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: There is a lot of advertising
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. You can also check out other deals by heading over to spotify.com/premium.

Review: Spotify constantly disconnects my bluetooth. Will not play songs. Pushs for Bluetooth. Why? Why are you pushing Bluetooth? I'm a hair away from canceling. Still no blocking capability! You're up to no goof like any other platform right now.
Reply: Hey Jennifer, thanks for letting us know about this. We'll need a few more details to investigate so we can fix this up. We'd recommend reaching out to our support team by heading to https://support.spotify.com/ and searching for "Contact us". They'll be able to help with the rest of troubleshooting.

Review: For some reason won't let me play any of the songs and I pay for premium which means it comes with offline play so it shouldn't be buffering or skipping or pausing or any of that
Reply: Hey! Thanks for the report. We'll need a few more details to investigate, so we can fix this up. We'd recommend reaching out to our support team by heading to https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX. They should be able to help.

Review: If you're always making changes, and improving, then tell us what you changed and improved. The 10,000 song limit is stupid ridiculous. Also, minus 1 more star for never telling us specifically what changes and improvements have been made. Can you at least link to a blog or something?
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. We'll be sure to pass your thoughts on to the right team. For anything else our support team can help with, you can reach out to them at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Can't play songs before adding them to my playlist.
Reply: Hey there, thanks for the feedback. We’d recommend adding it to our ‘Ideas Board’ over at community.spotify.com. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Idea Submissions. Others will then be able to vote or add to the conversation to show their support.

Review: Bestest music app to ever exist.
Reply: Hey! Ads are part of our free service, but thanks for the feedback. We have some playlists that are available to pick and play. More info on this at support.spotify.com > just look for “Video Tutorials” > check out ”Listen without shuffle on Spotify Free”. If you've never had Premium, you should be eligible for our free trial: spotify.com/premium.

Review: Please fix. I have been fighting with this app for days. It keeps switching to shuffle mode even though I turn shuffle off. I am a paying member.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t do the trick, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: Need premium membership just to skip tracks This is getting stupid taking away the most of basic features well let me tell you that you have just lost a long time user Edit: spotify have just replyed saying get the free trial for prem or buy our other packeges, unaceptable
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. You can also check other deals by heading over to https://www.spotify.com/premium/.

Review: Spotify app and web player both randomly play 5, 10 or 30 seconds of song then move to next song. This continues through every song. App and web player automatically keep turning volume up on Android phone. Cache cleared, app Uninstaller and reinstalled, plone restarted.
Reply: Hi there! Hey! It sounds like you're seeing one of a few changes we've made recently. We always test improvements and new features, so you might see something your friends don't. Let us know what you think over at https://community.spotify.com/.

Review: Good when it works. Has issues with Chrome cast audio. Often stops and has to be restarted. Please stop moving the shuffle option about. Still playing up after trying the suggestions.
Reply: Hey! We'd love to help get this fixed. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app and restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving these a go. If the issue persists, you can reach out to our support team directly at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX so they can take a closer look.

Review: Can updates not change the storage space back to internal storage instead of SD card please. + the app "isn't responding" everytime I try to open it now. Great update.
Reply: Hi Francis! That's odd. We recommend reinstalling the app to see if that makes a difference. If not, it’d be best if you reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Works better now that I am on Android 11. But since the newest version playing music begins to lag and makes pauses when downloading new music, please fix this
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd love to help get this sorted! If you haven't tried reinstalling the app and restarting your device yet, we'd suggest trying these first. If the issue persists, you can reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX so they can take a closer look.

Review: This app continually selects shuffle, even though I keep turning it off - why?
Reply: Hey, we recommend checking out the steps under "Google Chromecast Audio" here: https://bit.ly/2T47PqZ. You can also reach out to our Support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX if you'd need further help.

Review: Awful for the last two weeks!!! Premium user App has bad glitches, please fix ASAP! Screen freezes or goes blank. Can't skip to next song. When typing in search bar no letters appear. Playlist won't load. App works when it feels like it this is super frustrating for a music lover! On the verge of canceling and switching to Tidal this has never happened in the years I've had Spotify.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. We suggest reinstalling the app by following the steps from our support site. Just head to support.spotify.com and search for "Reinstall Spotify". If this doesn’t help, we suggest contacting our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can find them by searching ‘Contact us' instead.

Review: Too many ads .
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback - we appreciate it. If you haven't tried Premium yet, we'd suggest giving our trial a shot so you can listen to your music without interruptions. Just head to spotify.com/premium to get started.

Review: It's not a good app I gave it one Star because it works on the first day also like no skips and they add stuff you don't want
Reply: Hey, we always aim to improve the app and we’d like to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Spotify has been working well lately. My only issue is I can't play my liked song playlist/library on my Sonos radio. I just get an error message. Not sure who is behind this error, Sonos or Spotify.
Reply: Hi, we'd love to help get this fixed. We'd suggest restarting your Android device and reinstalling the app if you haven't tried them yet. If the issue persists, you can reach out to our Customer Service so they can check what's up. Just search for “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: The BEST music with the WORST user interface. I think it's deliberate.
Reply: Hey, we're glad to hear that everything's good now. If anything else comes up, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘contact us'.

Review: The latest update crashes the app whenever I would try to add a Playlist shortcut on my Samsung phone's homescreen. But everything else is great.
Reply: Hey, that's odd. We’d recommend reinstalling the app by following the steps from our support site. Just head to support.spotify.com and search for "Reinstall Spotify". If this doesn’t help, we suggest contacting our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can find them by searching ‘Contact us' instead.

Review: Still paying for premium. Have 5G now and still constant issues with crashing. Honestly looking to find my music and podcasts elsewhere. Especially since yall wanna put extra ads on my shows (when I pay for premium) and not let the artists in on any of that revenue.
Reply: Hey there! We’d recommend trying another WiFi connection or through 3G/4G. If that doesn’t help, get in touch with our support team by heading to support.spotify.com > search for "Contact us".

Review: Finally the scroll button is back, yay, it's a good job really because the skip is also back. When you are playing a list and steaming to a device if you pause the song or walk out of the room with your phone, when you return and continue the last song then when that one ends, it skips back to the start of the list but then plays a totally random song. I'm trying to work out which song it skips back to, think it may be the last one downloaded to my phone. So still not happy
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear about this. We'd still recommend letting Customer Service take another look. You can reach out to them by searching for "Contact us" at support.spotify.com. They'll help you out from there.

Review: Deleted due to the new patent you have to listen into my conversations! Why do I need to give you more information on this? You listen in to people's private conversations and then when they get upset about it you mess with the app so it won't work!!
Reply: Hey, thanks for the report. We'll need a few more details to investigate. If you have the time, we’d suggest reaching out to Customer Service. Just search “Contact Us” at support.spotify.com.

Review: I love Spotify and have for years. I am happy to be a premium member now. However I think it would be very awesome for you to add the ability of blocking certain podcasts from popping up into your daily drive. I don't really want CNN or NPR as a news source. I would love to be able to, or have it, adapt it to my style of news and music. Thanks you guys and keep up the awesome job! 😁
Reply: Hey there, thanks for sharing your idea! It's well worth adding it to our ideas board at https://bit.ly/3c5oKAI. Others can then vote on it or add to the conversation to show their support.

Review: The share links do not always take me to a song directly, just the artist page when others send specific song sharing links.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. We always aim to improve the app. If you have the time, we recommend sharing your thoughts about the update in our community here: https://bit.ly/3c5oKAI.

Review: Hello, when i play music from any Playlist, the queue doesn't adapt the songs from that Playlist, but keeps on playing songs on queue from earlier even after multiple times playing different Playlists, Please help
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app and restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving these a go. If the issue persists, get in touch with our Customer Service team so they can take a closer look. Just search for “Contact us” at support.spotify.com.

Review: the play bar at the bottom of the app keeps disappearing. can't see what's playing or pause/ play/skip without closing the app completely over and over until it works again.
Reply: Hey there. We’d recommend restarting your device and see if that makes any difference. If that doesn’t help, you can get in touch with Customer Service by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Please return the swipe right to add to queue function!! It was great :(
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. We always aim to improve, so we’ll get this passed on to the right team.

Review: The app itself seems to be very unstable, but the spotify support team has been amazing in trying to help me get my playlists back. I'm giving one star because I'm rating the app, the support team is definitely 5 stars all the way!
Reply: Hey Zac, thanks for the kind words! If you're still having issues, we'd suggest getting in touch again with our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX. They should be able to lend a hand.

Review: Spotify is ok but it needs some revamping. Better, more coherent, yet easy to navigation. Second Spotify needs to fix a bug it has created by making itself the default audio file player of the user's phone. Unresolved complaints have been ongoing since January that the app force opens our private audio files without permission, making the phone's default audio player rendered inert and you can't fix it without uninstalling Spotify. Spotify does this with permissions set to OFF.
Reply: Hey there. We'd need a few more details so we could look into this. We'd suggest providing them to Customer Service by searching for "Contact us" at support.spotify.com. They'll help you out from there.

Review: Unable to unhide the song by given process. Also tried logging out of app
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. You can also check out other deals by heading over to spotify.com/premium.

Review: Thanks for help last time, just something thats been bothering me for a while now : the like system sucks just cuz sokeone downloads an album doesnt mean every song is liked. Maybe I'm different from everyone elae but i havent found a album in recent years where i liked all the songs please change the system so the liked songs list isnt filled with songs to skip!!
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t work, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Update 2: still incredibly annoying. If you can't figure out how to embed ads, then don't do it. Great being 45 minutes in and have the podcast stop then have to start all over and find where it stopped. Note to advertisers, I'll never purchase your product for this reason. Update: Still incredibly frustrating. All the same issues. A company with the resources of Spotify should be embarrassed to have something this poorly executed as the platform for podcasts.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t do the trick, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: Spotify used to be a great app in all aspects, but now it fails in every department except they have the largest selection of music. The worst and most frustrating thing, is now you can't even play your DOWNLOADED songs when your offline. There is a reason that customers need this option like myself (not to waste unneeded data daily), and this app fails miserably with a "No Internet Available" notification that doesn't permit you to play your songs at all. I truly hope they are working on a fix.
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear you feel that way, but we appreciate your feedback. As for the slow loading time of the app, we recommend reinstalling the app. If that doesn’t help, it'd be best if you get in touch with our support team so they can look into this. You can reach them by heading to http://support.spotify.com > search for "Contact us".

Review: MAKE THE NAVIGATION BAR TRANSPARENT & ADD ROUNDED CORNERS TO COVER ARTS OF SONGS JUST LIKE YOU DO WITH PODCASTS. THE GRADIENT ON NOW PLAYING SHOULD LOOK LIKE THE ONE ON iOS.
Reply: Hi there! Thanks for sharing your thoughts. We'd suggest heading over to http://community.spotify.com > Ideas. Here, you can check for any similar ideas that you can vote for, or create a new one and other users can vote on it.

Review: my downloads keep disappearing and i cant play some of my downloaded playlists on offline mode
Reply: Hey, that's odd. We’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: Please, remove the "nearby devices" notification. I am not interested in that feature. Maybe can be optional, but not always notify me
Reply: Hey there. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: The was working fine but I play songs and lyrics are not showing why?
Reply: Hey there. We’d recommend restarting your device and see if that makes any difference. If that doesn’t help, you can get in touch with our Customer Service by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Whenever you exit and reenter the app, it scrolls back to the top instead of staying in the area of the song currently playing. Really annoying.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t work, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Evey week there are some already unliked songs in my weekly discovery list.
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear you feel that way, but we appreciate you sharing your thoughts. We always aim to improve, and we’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: With the latest update, spotify suddenly stops when connected to a bluetooth speaker. The app is not updating. I also tried reinstalling but it still stops during a midplaying session. I am even connected to a strong wifi or fast data connection.
Reply: Hey, that’s odd! Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Looks like there are some real improvements now. But still getting frozen and shuffle mode playing same songs
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear you feel that way, but we appreciate you sharing your thoughts. We always aim to improve, and we’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘contact us'.

Review: First i thought that this app can't give me that good experience but i swear now a days I can't even think my day without listening songs in Spotify, i really love this app that's why giving 5stars ❤️❤️💓💓
Reply: Hey! We're open to feedback. Is there anything specific that would improve the experience? If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Since the update, if you select a song to play, it just skips the current song you are playing and plays something else. Have to keep going out of the app and going back in to select the song you want.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear about this. We'll need a few more details to investigate. If you have the time, we’d suggest reaching out to our Customer Service. Just search “Contact Us” at support.spotify.com.

Review: This app sucks. It won't smoothly bounce between wireless and data streaming at all. Updating my review: two years later and still the same glitches, also get rid of the stupid covid warnings on Rogan's podcast, he literally just said "covid" and there is a warning on it. Stupid.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app and restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving these a go. If the issue persists, you can get in touch with our Customer Service so they can take a closer look. Just search “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Canceled paid services after several years of constant annoyance with this app. Ui sucks. Stations randomly change genres all the time, and now the app crashes every other song. This and prime are the worst of the lot, yt and pandora are hardly better. No customer support, just links to their "community" which is equally useless.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback.Have you tried restarting your device or reinstalling the app? If that doesn’t help, we'd recommend reaching out to our Support team. They should be able to lend a hand. Just search "Contact us" at http://support.spotify.com for more info.

Review: Wish there were no ads in a music app! Stop telling me its great for the app; it's really annoying! I don't care if it's apart of free service, can't click a song without listening to an ad!
Reply: Hey! Ads are part of our free service, but thanks for the feedback. If you have suggestions on how to improve them, you can add them to our ‘Ideas Board’ at community.spotify.com so others can show their support. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Idea Submissions. If you’ve never had Premium before, check out our free trial at spotify.com/premium.

Review: EDIT: seems to be working better lately, still randomly pauses, which is disrupting. EDIT: uninstalled/reinstalled bc it was acting up and now all my playlists are gone... starting to lose interest in this app.. its very slow to respond lately too.. The force closing finally stopped, but lately and just says I'm offline half the time and takes forever to load any of my playlist.. Sucks because I really like using Spotify, but as of late hasn't been operating very well
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. We’d recommend reinstalling the app by following the steps from our support site. Just head to support.spotify.com and search for "Reinstall Spotify". If this doesn’t help, we suggest contacting our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can find them by searching ‘Contact us' instead.

Review: Every single update manages to somehow break something that is essential to the functioning of the app. I have been using Spotify for years, and the app has NEVER not been broken.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: What the hell if going on with this app. paying for garbage now, the app barely works and most of my songs I downloaded don't work, I've cleaned out my storage making more room and I've cleared the cache multiple times or even tried deleting and restarting it but nothing is working and most of my music doesn't play, maybe one song then the rest just dont start even if I'm offline with no wifi because for some reason wifi makes the app worse.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear you feel that way. We’d recommend adding it to our ‘Ideas Board’ over at community.spotify.com. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Idea Submissions. Others will then be able to vote or add to the conversation to show their support.

Review: Last time I gave this app one star they actually fixed my problem so here I am again but now they changed the library and I have no idea why it was perfect the way it was and it seems the app itself slowed down... every other streaming app seems to offer rss feed but not spotify... will that ever be added?
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: After updating the app it removed my downloaded songs on the list of the albums that I saved. That's 350 songs that I needed to download again. It happened when I close and reopen the app. Please fix it, app also crashes sometimes and cannot load my other songs that I downloaded.
Reply: Hey! Sorry to hear that. Check out the steps under “Downloads unexpectedly removed” at https://bit.ly/3fRt1tR. They should help with this.

Review: What the duck is going on with your app? I'm trying to play music not not play music... The app crashes constantly and it never did this before the recent update... Hopefully this gets fixed otherwise I'll take my music listening elsewhere
Reply: Hey there! Sometimes content gets temporarily removed because of licensing changes. Hopefully we'll have those available again soon. On the other hand, we'd suggest updating your app to the latest version. If that doesn't help, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service. Just head to http://support.spotify.com and search "Contact us".

Review: Please stop asking for Bluetooth access. I have to say repeatedly no.
Reply: Hey, thanks for reporting this. Have you tried restarting your devices or reinstalling the app? If that doesn’t help, we'd recommend reaching out to Customer Service. They should be able to lend a hand. Just search "Contact us" at http://support.spotify.com.

Review: When you leave the app while something was playing, and then go back to the app it will not show up. Even if you try to play something else. Causing you to force close and then reopen. It seems like everytime there is an "update" it's buggier than it was before. Pixel 6 Update: Everytime I open the app now it asks me everytime to allow Bluetooth. Every single time.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear about this. We'll need a few more details to investigate. If you have the time, we’d suggest reaching out to our Customer Service so they can look into this for you. Just search “Contact Us” at support.spotify.com.

Review: I was running into an issue where it would play music fine, unless it was a song I had downloaded, then it would play the first 10 seconds and stop, and I could not figure out a way to play the song. I have fixed the issue by undownloading all of my music, but I do not want to risk re downloading it only to run into the issue. One plus 5 phone. I am short on storage, and my friend that had a similar issue is also short on storage so maybe that is the issue. I would still consider that a glitch.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t work, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: I've been paying for over a year now and it was awesome at first, but every time it updates, it gets progressively worse. Several months ago, it stopped showing the music in my drop down (I have a Samsung S8, so the phone shouldn't be "too old" for this function), now it's removed artists from my library that I've downloaded, stops in the middle of the song/podcast, and over the past couple days it's stopped working altogether. Idk if it's just a bug, but PLEASE fix this!! It's so frustrating.
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear that. We suggest reinstalling the app and restarting your device. If these don't help, you can directly reach out our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX so they can take a closer look.

Review: Buggy. The current song playing doesn't match the song that is shown to be playing at the bottom of the app. Please revert back to a Spotify update from 3 years ago and stop touching it. I don't care for new "features" if it causes the entire app to break. Also the entire podcast section is buggy with episodes skipping and why do I have ads if I'm premium? Also now Spotify keeps asking me to pair with EVERY Bluetooth device that comes near my phone
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t work, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Seems to have bugs making it persistent, only way to remove from screen was to reset the phone. App keeps getting 'dumber' too, with less ways to view/sort/find music. Used to be the best, not anymore
Reply: Hey Frank! We’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Love this app! You can find almost 99% of all music there is here. The app is amazing to use, very user friendly and id recommend it to anyone. The spotify team are pros! Definitely worth a try, if you like music, you like spotify
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback - we appreciate it! We’d also recommend adding it to our ‘Ideas Board’ over at community.spotify.com. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Idea Submissions. Others will then be able to vote or add to the conversation to show their support.

Review: The app has been acting really wacky the last 2 weeks or so. Songs keep stopping by themselves or skipping by themselves. Even when my phone screen is off. Google assistant keeps going on by itself and causing issues. It was working perfect before this.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear about this. We’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service at support.spotify.com so they can look into this for you. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: Horrible it plays songs that I never wanted it to play.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. Suggested tracks are part of our free, ad-supported service. You can always add more songs to your playlists to replace the ones we recommend. We have more info about this here: https://bit.ly/2zw3Xbj.

Review: Update is buggy play button is sometimes not showing.
Reply: Hi there! We recommend reinstalling the app to see if that makes a difference. If not, it’d be best if you reach out to our support team so they can look into this. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: My app keeps crashing every half an hour or so. Re-installed the app, cleared the cache, wrote in multiple complaints to SpotifyCares on Twitter for more than 9 days. The response is the same - we are looking into it. The problem still persists - not what I expect for a Premium Service that I'm paying for.
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this fixed. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app and clearing its cache, we'd suggest giving these a shot. If the issue persists, you can get in touch with our Customer Service so they can take a closer look. Just search “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Works great. No more autoplay issues. Now if only now playing could stay at the bottom of the screen.
Reply: Hey! Thanks for the heads up. Our tech folks are currently investigating this, and we’ll hopefully have an update soon. You can stay up-to-date on the latest here: https://bit.ly/2CJK6qH.

Review: songs keep playing when app is closed, and playback ui glitches out, music stops for no reason Edit: already reinstalled boo, its a you problem Update: Having the exact same issue again
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: The shuffle is comedically horrible. It keeps asking me to allow Bluetooth constantly, and I'm already connected!! Leave me alone, eh?!
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear you feel that way, but we appreciate you sharing your thoughts. We always aim to improve, and we’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: I'm starting to think there is no testing process in place before they release updates... Everytime my app gets glitchy I come look when the last update was and yup... It's usually updated within days of the issues starting. Please put better validation practices in place before you distribute a glitchy update to millions of paying customers. I'm not asking too much here. Im experiencing the same glitches as others. You mean this didn't show up at ALL before you released this into production?
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd like to take a closer look at your case. We'd suggest getting in touch with our Customer Service again so they can review your account and get this sorted. To reach them, head over to their contact form at spoti.fi/support, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Ok I want to listen to songs but It plays four ad's instead of one or two please fix this its getting a little irritating
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd suggest getting in touch with our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: I love this service and usually the app works as it's supposed to but over the years there have been so many time an update comes out and makes the app unusable. The most recent on 4/13/22 the app now continues to play when switching or disconnecting from a device but shows no track playing and can only be resolved by closing and reopening app. Waited 5 days for them to fix or revert to last version but still nothing.
Reply: Hi Mike! We recommend reinstalling the app to see if that makes a difference. If not, it’d be best if you reach out to our support team so they can look into this. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Works perfect after last update.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback - we're taking it on board. Just to check, have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: April 18 edit: App is barely usable anymore. Controls gone, music abruptly stops every couple seconds. The past few updates have made the app take steps backwards, not forwards. Original: The new update is garbage, so buggy. Randomly stops, can't type to search, freezing, the odd time crashes my phone. Barely even usable atm. Ready to cancel.
Reply: Hey, thanks for reporting this. Have you tried restarting your device or reinstalling the app? If that doesn’t help, we'd recommend reaching out to Customer Service. They should be able to lend a hand. Just search "Contact us" at http://support.spotify.com.

Review: Maybe spend more time finding and fixing the bugs in your code, and less time making silly playlists for my pets who don't really care about what I play.
Reply: Hey! We're open to feedback, and we’d love to get some more info about this. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Keep Stopping, Message "Go Online" Keeps interrupting the Play List or With Search Feature. Since APR 2022 Better Review. Upgrade from 2 Star to 5 Star.
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear that. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Payed subscription to a service to get rid of ads and listen to music offline but it pauses and stops all the time even on the music i have downloaded try to fix the issue from the help options and its still doing it.(update) the original issue was fixed by buying a new phone but now podcasts that are downloaded will stop when you lose reception
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. There are some steps that might help over at support.spotify.com - just look for “I need help with my downloads”. If the issue persists, we’d suggest reaching out to our Customer Service team by clicking “Contact Spotify” at the bottom of the page.

Review: Playlist shuffle gets all F'd up when switching from listening from one device to another. Why is it so hard to keep track of what song you have listened to when switching devices? Been reporting this for ages, like i dont know why this is taking so long to sort out. The sign up process is ridiculous. Music service overall is good.
Reply: Hey! We have more info about this in our Privacy Center at https://spoti.fi/2zG7sMx. Hope this clears things up.

Review: The app is always closing itself when it is put on background.. I have tried updating.. But it's not getting fixed.. Sometime Restarting the phone prevents it.. But still it closes itself
Reply: Hey, can you go to your phone's settings > Apps > Spotify > Battery > and then enable "Allow background activity" and disable "Optimize battery usage"? If that doesn't help, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: The play control screen doesn't pop up until you force stop the application. I'm paying for this app to work. Where do I get a refund?
Reply: Hey there Nick! We’d love to get some more info about what's happening so we could help. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. Just search for “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Shuffle does not work properly. I have had nothing but trouble with it. 🤬
Reply: Hey! We'd suggest reaching out to our Customer Service so they can take a closer look. Just search for “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Songs stop playing in the middle of a track and goes to other devices. Re-installed app started happening after new update... still does it intermittent plays on Bluetooth... re installed 5 times. ... not impressed
Reply: Hey, that’s odd! A quick reinstall should help with this. If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX. They'll help out.

Review: Since upgrading my phone, spotify is lagging badly. Galaxy s20 5g. Update, the latest update needs to be looked at! Keeps pausing and some adds just don't play.
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn't do the trick, you can reach us at one of our support channels here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Since the last update the playback controls panel will randomly disappear and it won't come back until you've force closed and relaunched the app. It does this almost every time I use it. The shuffle play button is also now smaller than it used to be but the space hasn't been used for anything else, so we're left with a button that is more difficult to press for no reason. Please stop doing stuff like this!
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this fixed. If you haven't tried clearing the app's cache and running a clean reinstall, we'd suggest giving these a shot. If the issue persists, you can get in touch with our Customer Service so they can take a closer look. Just search “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Quarterly update of why Spotify is a defective app developed by defective people. Music starts cutting out and playing out of order 4 or 5 songs into an album or playlist without failure. This company is garbage and the world would be better if those who ran it were no longer here.
Reply: Hey! We’d love to get some more info from you so we can investigate and help fix this. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: New update pauses songs while listening on mobile and desktop for no reason (on wifi as well as data mode, doesn't matter at what quality).
Reply: Hey, that’s odd! Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘contact us'.

Review: This version is real challenging. Podcasts and music keep fading out and maybe restarting maybe not. Of course, offline listening did not work on last flight. I wonder why I am paying for premium. I am listening to a lot of ads on podcasts. Hopefully next release works after get to spend another hour going through grief reload cycle.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app and restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving these a go. If the issue persists, you can get in touch with our Customer Service team so they can take a closer look. Just search “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: The latest update keeps freezing after about 2 or 3 songs and when I open spotify on my phone it won't show what's playing and I can't pause or skip forward or back. I shuffled my entire liked songs, over 5,000, and it plays the same 10 song loop every time I hit shuffle.
Reply: Heyt! We're sorry to hear you feel that way, and we appreciate your feedback. We always aim to improve, so we’ll get this passed on to the right team. In the meantime, you can check out all the ways you can arrange how your music is listed and played here: https://bit.ly/2ZfJsZn.

Review: App is full of bugs recently. Constantly can't see the play and pause button. Songs just stop playing for no reason. If it doesn't get act together I'm cancelling me due subscription. At the moment it's not worth the money.
Reply: Hey! We'll need a few more details to investigate. If you have the time, we’d suggest reaching out to Customer Service. Just search “Contact Us” at support.spotify.com.

Review: Upd2 I'm a long paying customer, yet everything in the app is designed to prevent me from contacting support, but why?? You want a letter in post? // Do songs dissappear from Liked Songs?? and... Please ... add "refresh" function for Daily Mix playlist - when pull it to change your suggestions for another ones (e.g when you've already fed them to me yesterday ) - similar wishes in 2020, nothing changed since 2019.
Reply: Hi Andrey! Thanks for sharing your thoughts. We recommend sharing them to our ideas board at https://bit.ly/3c5oKAI. Others can then vote on it or add to the conversation to show their support. Also, if you need any help with the app, you can always get in touch with our support team by following the steps at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Recently my play and pause button has started regularly disappearing (basically the playing song never displays, the bottom part of the screen looks like I haven't selected a song). I checked if there's an app update to fix the bug, but no. Could you please check out if more users are experiencing this?
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: The player goes missing randomly and often. Play, pause, track is all missing on the bottom of the app even though a song is playing.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. We suggest reinstalling the app by following the steps from our support site. Just head to support.spotify.com and search for "Reinstall Spotify". If this doesn’t help, we suggest contacting our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can find them by searching ‘Contact us' instead.

Review: This new update is way too buggy. The player won't show and my music keeps cutting for no reason. Please fix soon.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd suggest getting in touch with our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Again massive playback dramas following an update. When trying to change a song it often stays on the song playing and the change or any other attempted function doesn't register. Nor does it allow to stop the song or continue properly using the app without rebooting my phone. Uninstall doesn't make a difference. Deadset joke for a so-called premium service.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t work, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Music stops randomly. Sometimes when I go into the app it does not display the music currently playing, making it impossible to pause the music.
Reply: Hey, we’re sorry to hear that! We’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout so they can look into this for you. You can find them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: Everytime you guys updste a new bug appears. This time when i hit to play a song it doesnt actually show that it is playing even tho i can hear it.
Reply: Hi Brandon! That’s odd. We recommend reinstalling the app to see if that makes a difference. If not, it’d be best if you reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: after latest update,it will stop playing after a few songs... and sidebar always shows Nothing is Playing.
Reply: Hey there, we're sorry to hear that. If you're having trouble logging in, there are some steps that might help here: https://support.spotify.com/article/cannot-log-in-to-spotify/. If these don't help, we'd recommend getting in touch with our support team by following the steps at https://support.spotify.com/article/how-can-i-contact-spotify/.

Review: Last update is pathetic .. it has some systematic problems !!
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. We’d recommend adding your suggestions to our ‘Ideas Board’ over at community.spotify.com. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Idea Submissions. Others will then be able to vote or add to the conversation to show their support.

Review: The now playing bar keeps disappearing down the bottom of the screen, I've tried restarting the device, updating app ect ect, it seems there's a big majority of people going through the same problem.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn't do the trick, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact Us".

Review: Since last update stops playing playlist and restarts when I press play. Or just stops and exits.
Reply: Hi Edgard! You should still be able to add songs to your playlist while on the free service. We'd recommend restarting your device and see if that makes any difference. If that doesn’t help, you can reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Ton of people having the same issue, randomly stops and doesn't have the control bar at the bottom. Yesterday the controls disappeared and I stopping stop it playing without force quitting the app. Not good enough can I undownload the last update?
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Our latest version just came out. We recommend updating the app to see if it makes a difference. If not, it'd be best if you get in touch with our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can reach them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: New update is terrible. You can only search for artists you follow. Why can you no longer search for artists that you have liked their songs?
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. We always aim to improve, so we’ll get this passed on to the right team. On another note, you can still find the songs that you liked previously in your Liked Songs playlist. That should help in looking for the artists. If there's anything else, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: App keeps crashing or just stops playing. Another issue has started play and pause randomly disappear. I like Spotify but the app has far to many bugs. I expect a much better app
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t work, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Congratulations, you've managed to introduce several bugs with the update a few days ago. The bar with the play controls keeps disappearing, music stops playing after 10 minutes, the app shows the previous song playing when I have already selected another song,... Restarting the app and my phone didn't work. And don't tell me to reinstall again for the umpteenth time!!!! PLEASE CLEAN UP YOUR ACT AND FIX BUGS INSTEAD OF (RE)INTRODUCING THEM!! AND TEST BEFORE RELEASING!!
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn't do the trick, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Spotify finally listened and added swipe to queue on Android. Finally! I'm not the biggest fan of how it looks, I preferred the slightly blocky design, but the fact that swipe to queue is now a thing makes it all good.
Reply: Hey! Thanks for sharing your thoughts. It looks like other people feel the same way. We’d recommend adding your vote at http://community.spotify.com. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Live Ideas and search for 'Swipe to queue a track'.

Review: Why, oh why must Spotify ask me about bloody Bluetooth every freaking time I open the goddamn app? It makes no difference if I answer yes or no.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear about this. We’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service at support.spotify.com so they can look into this for you. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: Latest update my made it worse somehow. The app is just unresponsive half the time.
Reply: Hey, thanks for reporting this. Does adjusting your phone's battery restriction settings make a difference? You might also want to try reinstalling the app. If that doesn’t help, you can reach out to Customer Service. Just head to http://support.spotify.com and search "Contact us".

Review: I love spotify, but the android UI sucks compared to iPhone and pc, like most apps. I don't understand how an app removes useful feature to make it better. The shuffle and radio algorithms are awful, plays the same songs over and over. Finally got a "swipe to add to queue" option
Reply: Hey, thanks for sharing your thoughts! We'd suggest heading over to http://community.spotify.com > Ideas. There, you can check for any similar ideas that you can vote for, or create a new one so other users can vote for it.

Review: Every update this app gets worse. Premium user for about 5 years. They force you to use the app how they want you to use it, not how any normal music playing app works. First it started with making you follow artists in order to get them to list alphabetically in your library. Then they made the recently listened to list link to the artist main page instead of your library list where you were originally listening from. Now theyre flooding my library with recommended artists instead of my choice
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback – we appreciate it! We always aim to improve, so we’ll get this passed on to the right team. In the meantime, if you feel you need any help with the app, you can always reach out to our support team by following the steps at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: QA is terrible, functions are regularly broken. Tedious to report issues, then hear nothing back.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd like to take a closer look at your case. We'd suggest getting in touch with our Customer Service again so they can review your account and get this sorted. To reach them, head over to their contact form at spoti.fi/support, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Audio randomly cuts off and doesn't continue once the screen switches off - poor design.
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn't do the trick, it'd be best if you reach out to Customer Service so they can look into this. You can get in touch with them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: update, no upgrade. Til Christmas. And beyond.flatten the curve. You just lost a star.
Reply: Hey! We're open to feedback, and we’d love to get some more info about this. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Spotify India, hello, you have some songs in your list of ads. I thought it was a music app and maybe 1 or 2 ads ok maybe even 3 is ok before playing a song but I am here after having listened to FIVE, FIVE ADS for a song. I get it premium and what not. But FIVE ADS? FIVE? btch please do better.
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn't do the trick, it'd be best if you reach out to our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can get in touch with them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: I've used this app for a couple of years now, and I have really enjoyed it! The ads are a bit annoying, though you learn to deal with them. I highly recommend this app for music lovers, such as myself!
Reply: Hey! Ads are part of our free service on mobile, but we appreciate your feedback and we'll pass it onto the right team. You can also pick and play any track on our desktop app and web player. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our free trial: https://spoti.fi/3bfsHll 🙂

Review: Its ok, but ads are way too annoying. The fact that I get 5 ads after one song is frustrating.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. You can also check out other deals by heading over to spotify.com/premium.

Review: A bit better with the latest updates. Can find anything quite easily and it starts playing downloaded songs without internet now. Still stops playing when screen locks, but less frequently than a few updates ago.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd suggest reaching out to our Customer Service so they can take a closer look. Just search for “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Way too many ads randomly youll get click to get 30 min free from ads that does not work it will give you 5-6 ads and then give you 5 or 6 more ads after 2 songs. This is a year after my first review and its only gotten worse i decided to just uninstall it now i get ads after a literal 3 songs.
Reply: Hey, that's odd. Thanks for letting us know! We'll need a few more details to investigate. We'd recommend reaching out to our support team by heading to https://support.spotify.com/article/how-can-i-contact-spotify. They should be able to help.

Review: The app just gets buggier and buggier with every update. I'm sick of it. Edit: Two years on this review still stands. Currently unable to play music from playlists.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t work, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: One of the recent updates fixed my stuttering issue. It's now a great experience again.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear you feel that way. We'd love to get some more info about this. If you have the time, give Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: The app has progressively become garbage. Takes forever to load anything, even when songs/podcasts are downloaded. Update. Still absolute garbage. Edit #3: Over 5 hours of music downloaded in a playlist. Shuffle repeats the same 4 songs. Joy.
Reply: Hey there. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team by heading to https://support.spotify.com/, then searching for "Contact us". They'll help you out from there.

Review: I didnt pay money so i couldnt listen to music offline so fix it and i shouldnt have to redownload my songs again im wasting data if you cant fix this theres no reason for me to use the app anymore. I rate this app one star now, its the little things that put poeple off.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Check out the steps under “Downloads unexpectedly removed” at support.spotify.com. If you’re still having issues, we’d recommend getting in touch with our Customer Service. Just search for “Contact Us”.

Review: The current update is horrible. Downloaded podcasts jump around the queue rather than playing in order. Update (3/24/2022): Now the app deletes my downloads thinking I finished the episode. Why is that a feature?! Also, it takes a couple restarts for the episode play scrum to pop up... Get your stuff together Spotify! Your app has more bugs since my review a year ago. Get it together! If I didn't make long drives monthly, I'd get any other app for podcasts on the road. This app sucks!!!
Reply: Hey! Thanks for the feedback. We always aim to improve, so we’ll get this passed on to the right team. On another note, the ads are part of our free service on mobile. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. Just head to https://www.spotify.com to get started.

Review: I dont know why but my spotify is connecting to somebody else's and I dont have my bluetooth on and even when I put my phone on airplane mode or I change the password someone goes on my spotify. they deleted all playlists and downloads I dont want to pay if this keeps happening. I can't enjoy my music I tried looking in the help page and nothing is helping. how do I fix it?
Reply: Hi there Grecia. We’d recommend searching for “Think your account’s been hacked?” at support.spotify.com and following the steps there. If you’re still having issues, just check out “Get In Touch” at the bottom of the page. Our Customer Service will be able to help with this.

Review: Recommendation did not work DO not waste your time the frustration is so beyond the Music Stops seven times before a 2 minutes song ends..this is what you get for 11 dollars
Reply: Hey! That’s odd. We recommend reinstalling the app to see if that makes a difference. If not, it’d be best if you reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Not too Great untill you get premium, but once you buy it, no problems at all. Great for listening to songs all the time
Reply: Hey Larry! On the free service, you can pick and play tracks only from select playlists. You can enjoy more features when you switch to Premium. There's more info about it here: https://bit.ly/3ccrlbr. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. If not, we'd suggest checking out Premium Family and Premium Student 🙂

Review: My "Year In Review" playlists are absolute BS, the app just plugs random trashy American pop songs that I've NEVER listened to. Edit: Changing review from 2 stars to 1 star. Why are so many of my previously played now "unplayable"? I'm on Premium. I just want to listen to Icelandic pop, but you're racist. You don't allow it, simply because of where I live. It's disguised as a 'geo-block'. No. It's 100% discrimination & xenophobia. I don't want to use YouTube Music, but you've given me no choice
Reply: Hey there! If you're having trouble logging in, there are some steps that might help here: https://bit.ly/2SAZwCr. If those don't help, we’d recommend getting in touch with our support team by following the steps at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Can u add customisation of playlist songs like moving song up and down in the queue of playlist. It is possible on laptop but not in mobile.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the heads up! We’re glad to hear that reinstalling the app has made a difference. If you run into the same issue though, we'd suggest reaching out to our support team so they can dig deeper and get things sorted. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: This app is awful, has literally only gotten worse. Super glitchy and buggy sinceqst patch. No actual advantages for far worse experience.
Reply: Hey, we’d like to get some more info about this. If you have the time, we'd recommend reaching out to our Customer Service. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact Us".

Review: Come on now, like it'll randomly stop playing, and for whatever reason the past two days, it skips around songs in my playlist like it's on shuffle. Pay premium just for it to barely work
Reply: Hey! Sorry to hear that. We’d recommend reinstalling the app and restarting your device. If that doesn’t help, you can reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Loading time is so much longer than on SoundCloud. Loading the podcast takes ages. Daily mixes with horrible songs that are absolutely STILL not my taste. Recommendations are so much worse than YouTube & soundcloud. The widget is still hideous.
Reply: Hey, we’re sorry to hear that! We’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout so they can look into this for you. You can find them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: Not good I pay for the spotify. I hate all the ads I get while listening to podcasts .
Reply: Hey, we're open to feedback, and we’d like to get some more info about this. If you have the time, we'd recommend reaching out to our Customer Service. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact Us".

Review: great and best music app around. use it everyday with joy! great to see new features make it to the app like sleep timer. i have a requesr though: i would like to place a song in the queue easier, for example with a swipe from left to right on the song . thanks for reading my feedback and keep going Last update: They implemented 'swipe to add to queue' nice! Thanks Spotify!
Reply: Hey, thanks for sharing your idea. It looks like other people feel the same way. We’d recommend adding your vote at community.spotify.com. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Live Ideas and search for "Swipe to Queue a Track".

Review: Spotify has the best playlist of anything you want.
Reply: Hey, you'll have unlimited skips on Premium. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. You can also check other deals by heading over to https://www.spotify.com/premium/.

Review: Just wanted to update my review since last time. I really love the app. It works great! I've had it work even in the lowest data ranges.
Reply: Hi Angelina! We’d recommend restarting your device and see if that makes any difference. If that doesn’t help, you can reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Go to use the app only to find it's logged me out. It tells me there's an error when entering my password, sends me a link to log in that should be valid for 4 hours but then it tells me that the link has expired. Latest update keeps causing my phone to crash and won't continue playing in the background. Also won't allow me to skip forward/backwards 15 seconds
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: The app has randomly logged me out and I can't log back in, yet my account is in good standing. I was literally listening to music 1 hour ago.
Reply: Hey, that’s odd. We’d suggest getting in touch with our support team so they can dig deeper and get this sorted. You can contact them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Update: Support link not working and now it is no longer letting me use the app at all. It has been double playing songs even though I have it on shuffle. Completely logged out on me in the middle of a song and now is not letting me log in at all. Used to like Spotify but now it's absolute trash.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd suggest reaching out to our Customer Service team so they can take a closer look. Just search for “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: !WARNING! SCAM ALERT! I recently had wished to end my premium services, so I asked Spotify to stop charging me. They continued to charge me for multiple months dispite my wishes not to. They only stopped after the second time I told them to stop stealing my money and threatened to go to my bank to look into legal actions. Do not do business with them, they will lie, cheat, and steal from you. Whatever and if they respond to this, know they're full of it and will do the same to you.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you listened to the whole ad previously, can you try doing a quick reinstall and then check if the issue happens again? If it does, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading here: http://support.spotify.com and searching for "Contact Us".

Review: UPDATE!!! it's got better. Why are commercial in Spanish..ive never spoke spanish. Horrible
Reply: Hey there, thanks for the heads-up. We’d love to get some more info about this. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Im sorry but its TERRIBLE. I can't listen to any of my Playlists, it takes me to a completely different one.
Reply: Hey there! We’d love to get some more info about what's happening so we could help. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. Just search for “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: £10 a month is *way* too expensive. For that much I could *buy* ten songs a month and listen to them when I want to, or skip as many times as I like, ad free. Spotify is worth £5 p/m *maximum*, and that's being generous, premium has only one advantage over my phone, more music. That's it.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. If not, we'd recommend checking out Premium Family and Premium for Students. Just head to https://www.spotify.com to get started.

Review: the best music streaming app ever. the sound is again incomparable. best user interface. best value for your money.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Have you tried restarting your device or reinstalling the app? If that doesn’t help, we'd recommend reaching out to Customer Service. They should be able to lend a hand. Just search "Contact us" at http://support.spotify.com.

Review: Every single time they change the UI (which is every other month) the entire app breaks, this time queue's arent a thing. They either dont add the song, replace any songs youre lucky enough to get in a queue bc they only allow one song in each queue or it lets you make the queue but as soon as it comes on it skips everything
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd suggest getting in touch with our Customer Service by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'. You can also send them a DM at http://twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: We need to have a friends activity like on the pc version and also needs a sort of messaging friends in the friends activity. Also needs to have musician profile without any label or manager.
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app and restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving these a go. If the issue persists, you can reach out to our support team at https://support.spotify.com/article/how-can-i-contact-spotify/ so they can take a closer look.

Review: Sort your app out and update it so we, the paying public, can control our music! Why have the track controls disappeared? What the hell are you doing?
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd like to take a closer look at what's happening. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: The app crashes, I already did all the things that supposed to fix the problem but nothing worked, cancelled my premium service because I was frustrated of the app.
Reply: Hi there! We’d recommend restarting your device and see if that makes any difference. If that doesn’t help, you can reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Who does Spotify say that I'm not connected to the internet even when I am? I'm forced to open and close the app multiple times until I can search a song. Edit: Yes it's still the same even after restarting my phone, changing my internet connection and even updating the app.
Reply: Hey! Do you experience the same thing when trying to use the app on a different connection? We’d recommend trying another WiFi connection or through 3/4G. Also, we’d recommend restarting your device and see if that makes any difference. If that doesn’t help, you can reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: My review has changed, i dont know what happened all of a sudden, but now when i listen the music just stops and starts randomly, stuttering like a jostled cd player. please fix it because i really liked spotify way better than pandora and i am NOT getting youtube premium 😕
Reply: Hey Kyrsten! We hear you. We’d recommend getting in touch with our support team by following the steps at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX. They’ll be able to help with this.

Review: Now plays ads even after you close the app! Update: now more ads, about 90%ads and 10%music, don't be fooled by the 4.5star that was many years ago(see all recent reviews are 1 star), edit still interrupting my music to ask me to rate this app if only i could rate it 0
Reply: Hey there! Ads are part of our free service, but we definitely appreciate your feedback. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. You can also keep tabs on spotify.com/premium for promos and other discounted plans.

Review: Usually love it but now it sounds like static on everysong except for ads
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried running a clean reinstall of the app and restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving these a go. If the issue persists, you can get in touch with our Customer Service team so they can take a closer look. Just search “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Update on my already 1 star... Now they have decided that I can't play the music I have downloaded offline... Isn't that the whole point of sub? ?.. So now.. If I want to listen to my dl library I must go online and get automatically download of whatever they update on my playlist. Whether u want or not. That means they use my data.. Why haven't you fixed this!.. I now ce to redownload most of the albums I already dl!! This takes a lot of time!! What is wrong with you people!!
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t do the trick, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us” and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: I like the the song lyrics. A Kareokee feature on your Android TV app would make this next level, especially if it could sync to a phone to use as a mic 💯🔥🤌🏾
Reply: Hey, thanks for reaching out! We’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: Good recommended song ,once you try subscribe then never turn back. Premium membership is fine experienced.
Reply: Hi Itish, thanks for sharing your honest thoughts. We'll let the right team know it's something you'd like to see again. With Spotify Premium, you'll be able to view an artist's most popular tracks. If you’ve never had it before, you should be eligible for our trial. You can also check out other deals by heading over to spotify.com/premium.

Review: Really good most of time. Didn't like the adverts or restrictions on the free service so paid for 'premium" which in my opinion is far better and worth the monthly subscription. I like how intuitive Spotify is for recommending similar songs to my playlists. Occasionally (the reason for only 4 stars) the app freezes on my phone and the only way to get it working again is by unistalling and reinstalling. If Spotify could sort out this little glitch I would give it 5 stats.
Reply: Hey there. Does logging out > restarting your device > logging back in help? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: When I press shuffle on a play list I want to listen to that playlist. I don't want to listen to songs based on that playlist. Stop skipping the songs I want to listen to. Half the times I press shuffle on a playlist the first couple of seconds of a song starts playing then cuts to music not on that playlist. Not remotely acceptable
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn't do the trick, you can reach us at one of our support channels here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Lyrics. We finally have in-app lyrics. And they brought back the quick search within liked songs. For a premium user, this is definitely an excellent experience.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: It's a great app for music lovers but would be more better if there are less ads there is ad after ad, ad after ad, ad after ad and it's kind of annoying. And also, there are having some issues on the recently played feature. My streams are not being counted please fix it asap. Please add the spotify canvas feature ttoo.Let us drag a song on a custom playlist to rearrange it thankyou
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app and restarting your device yet, we'd suggest giving these a go. If the issue persists, you can get in touch with our Customer Service so they can take a closer look. Just search “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: This app is HORRIBLE they take advantage of your music when you have no skips by playing "Suggested Songs" forcing you to buy Premium the songs and HORRIBLE you have to listen go LONG UNIMPORTANT ADS and thats why im writing an 500 word review they always add to playlist that you just Added and if they take this message down trust me i will make another post no matter what.I say download if you want bit be prepared for the long annoying ads that will await you the second you press download on it
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback! This is part of our free service on mobile, but you can always add more tracks to your playlists to replace the ones we recommend. We have more info about this under “Suggested songs” at https://bit.ly/2zw3Xbj. Pick-and-play listening is also available on our desktop app and web player.

Review: Why can't I filter my library for downloaded music anymore? Group queues are nice but buggy. Will sometimes get kicked out of the group for no apparent reason, music plays out of my phone speakers when we are using someone else's phone as the output device
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd like to take a closer look at what's happening. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Doesn't crash now. But still sometimes i have to press a liked track or shuffle about 16 times to get it to play; even then I have to force stop and open the app again. This happens even more when I'm offline listening to my downloaded songs. Got too annoying for the monthly cost. I cancelled my paid subscription and moved to a different service for my main music app.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Have you tried restarting your device or reinstalling the app? If that doesn’t help, we'd recommend reaching out to Customer Service. They should be able to lend a hand. Just search "Contact us" at http://support.spotify.com.

Review: I got logged out of my account, password wiped. Every time I asked for the reset password email, it did not send to my email. I've heard of services trying to force their users to stop using their app, but not even trying to let people use their app when they are attempting to is a new low.
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear you feel that way, but we appreciate you sharing your thoughts. We always aim to improve, and we’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: its not responding..everytime i try to play a song it returns to home screen
Reply: Hey, that’s odd! Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Updated - Nice app with great recommendation. All songs available now and so even better
Reply: Hi, we appreciate your feedback. Check out the steps under “Downloads unexpectedly removed” at support.spotify.com. If you’re still having issues, we’d recommend getting in touch with our Customer Service. Just search for “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Thanks so much for giving Android back the function of scrolling down on the Liked Songs page for the search bar. Never let anyone tell you that it's a bad feature, and keep up the great work lol much love 💚
Reply: Hi, we're sorry to hear that! We’d recommend adding your idea to our ‘Ideas Board’ over at community.spotify.com. Just head over to the Menu > Ideas > Idea Submissions. Others will then be able to vote or add to the conversation to show their support.

Review: Edit Lossless audio. You're now behind. I'm evaluating alternatives that can let my hifi stretch its legs.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the kind words! If you run into any issues, feel free to get in touch with our Customer Service anytime. Just search “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Now I have a new problem, when I'm listening from my liked songs, it doesn't let me find anything, I type one letter and it already says there aren't any matches
Reply: Hey Natalia, thanks for reporting this! Have you tried restarting your device or reinstalling the app? If that doesn’t help, you can reach out to our Support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX. They should be able to lend a hand.

Review: Updated review: I love Spotify! Such a wide variety of playlists and awesome recs are what I like the most. I'm using the app since it was launched in my country and I'm pretty happy with what I get. However, if there ever will be a possibility to add songs to "play next" and not just in queue, it'd be a 5⭐ app for me.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. We make music available to you in whatever form it was given to us. As for the payment methods, we’d recommend adding your suggestion to our ‘Ideas Board’ over at community.spotify.com. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Idea Submissions. Others will then be able to vote or add to the conversation to show their support.

Review: Music catalogue is 5-star. App has got less slow but could be much better. It now hangs when history icon tapped. Don't like that Shuffle is now turned on when trying to play Release Radar etc in order. Sorting a playlist (hidden by an unituitive down-drag not in the menu as it used to be) by 'recently added' sorts the wrong way unless you tap it twice. Been like that for ages. Poor design and testing. Could be improved with freq. used buttons, eg 'Add To Queue', 'Add To Playlist'
Reply: Hey, we'd love to help get this sorted. We suggest reinstalling the app by following the steps from our support site. Just head to support.spotify.com and search for "Reinstall Spotify". If this doesn’t help, we suggest contacting our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can find them by searching ‘Contact us' instead.

Review: The app is good, just that the adverts are too frequent
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: ❌‼️⚠THIS COMPANY WANTS TO RUIN PODCASTS. Please join the boycott against spotify. Podcasts have always been free and accessible to all. Spotify wants to change that, it wants to make it so that, like a cable subscription or streaming service, you need to pay an app to stream them on the app's terms. Easier monetization because the app corporation pays podcasters for shows and content and you have to pay the app to access anything. They are buying up beloved podcasts and making them "exclusives!"
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback - we appreciate it. If you haven't tried Premium yet, we'd suggest giving our trial a shot so you can listen to your music anywhere in the world. Just head to spotify.com/premium to get started.

Review: The now playing bar keeps disappearing :( restarting the app wont work, only phone restart or data+cache delete will get it back, but it disappears again after some time ... i have this problem since 1 month or so; I'm regularly updating
Reply: Hey, we'd love help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t do the trick, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us” and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: I love being able to switch between devices, however, for the past few months it has been very glitchy.. getting confused if I have it open on different devices(forgetting queue adjustments, randomly stopping etc). Plus the recent unannounced (zero communication) privacy update cut me off from most of my friends' listening activity :( as noone ever goes into their settings after the first install, so won't know their sharing is now off!! Stop adding pointless options and fix existing glitches!!
Reply: Hey, thanks for sharing your thoughts. We'll make sure to take your feedback on board. As for the Recently Played section not updating, you can try reinstalling the app. If that doesn’t help, we'd recommend reaching out to Customer Service. They should be able to lend a hand. Just search "Contact us" at http://support.spotify.com.

Review: My daily mixes haven't been updated in 2 weeks. Please fix asap. :(
Reply: Hey, that’s odd! Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Marked up to 3* as getting used to the app after repetition but needs polishing and simplification. Alphabetized library favourites and similar would be helpful. It's hard to find things when not in order.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry you feel that way, but we appreciate you sharing your ideas. We’d recommend adding them to our ‘Ideas Board’ over at community.spotify.com. Just head to the Menu > Ideas > Idea Submissions. Others will then be able to vote or add to the conversation to show their support.

Review: This jre stuff is ruining my favourite app... (old: Great app, its cache cleaning feature is very good. Finally added lyrics, and it's beautiful and colorful and amazing. Spotify does have some issues when you move out of an internet coverage area. the menus start taking time loading/openin even for downloaded songs & playlists. Also the bottom bar on OnePlus phones cuts the app at the bottom (like a black bar), which doesn't look very good. The bar should have a grey background.)
Reply: Hey Pravar, thanks for sharing your feedback - we appreciate it! We’d love to get some more info about the issues you're experiencing on the app. If you have any spare time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Thank God I did not update my review. I was thinking of taking a premium before but then the app was not even able to give me my wrapped for 2021 even when my Android as well as the app was up-to-date. Waited for 2 months just to get a "you cannot access your wrapped now but we have taken your feedback into consideration to keep working on future campaigns" mail. So disappointed.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Just to check, does the same thing happen when using a different device? We'd also recommend providing more details to Customer Service so they could take a look. You can get in touch with them by searching for "Contact us" at support.spotify.com. They'll help you out from there.

Review: Download function doesn't work. App is for online use only. Company is being criminal charging a subscription for offline use that doens't work at all. Forced to reinstall the app every now and then because it just logs me out and never let me log in again. Zero customer service, worst company ever. And now the platform is censoring it's own content based on political propaganda.
Reply: Hey! We’d love to get some more info from you so we can investigate and help fix this. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Well well well , spotify does the right thing and keeps Joe Rogan, i am impressed so i bought premium.
Reply: Hey! We always aim to improve the app and we’d like to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Update3 6/2/22 Disappointed with Spotify's inability to handle the Joe Rogan Podcast. Deleting episodes is unacceptable. I was considering buying premium to support the defence of Joe Rogan. But Spotify caved to the mob. Till the situation is rectified...1 star and no subscription.
Reply: Hi Rui! We're sorry to hear that. We'd love to help get this sorted. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn't do the trick, it'd be best if you reach out to our Customer Service so they can look into this. You can get in touch with them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: I love the app but they recently did an update where they were giving the playlists and artists section a new look but they also change it where you can't have your artists sorted by alphabetical or recently added you can't separate that from playlist which you used to be able to do before so you could have your playlist sorted by alphabetical where as your artist was sorted by newly added or whatever and now it's gone
Reply: Hey, thanks for sharing your idea. We recommend checking our community by heading over to community.spotify.com > Ideas > and look for a similar idea that you can vote for or create a new one.

Review: so .. suddenly, any and all R Slash podcasts just refuse to play ... this is weird :/
Reply: Hey Raven! We’re sorry to hear that. We’d recommend getting in touch with our support team by following the steps at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX. They’ll be able to help with this.

Review: Wish I could give 0 stars! Even if you download a podcast, if you dont have an internet connection you cant listen. What's the point of downloading? Re downloaded and works great now
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make any difference, we’d recommend reaching out to Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us”, and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: I have had some issues with logging into my account before . But, regardless of that , this is my go-to music streaming app. Infact, I prefer this over youtube music .
Reply: Hi there! We're sorry to hear you're having trouble logging in to your account. Don't worry, we have some steps that might help here: https://bit.ly/2SAZwCr.

Review: This App Sucks. Since this last Android update, it barely works. It plays a few secs of a song then stops. It's stupid, because I pay for premium and can't even use it. I am very disappointed and unhappy. I only put 1 star so I can rate it. It's better than before when I first wrote this.
Reply: Hey there. Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t make a difference, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service at support.spotify.com. Just search “Contact Us” and they’ll be happy to help.

Review: The app is UNUSABLE after latest updates. Its way too slow to load and crashes. Was better before. UPDATE: Re-install did NOTHING. If you use your phone exclusively for Spotify it would be better to go with Youtube Premium or any other mobile music app. Update 2: Unable to Report Joe Rogans Podcast aa misinformation and unable to remove it from being viewed. Spotify is the worst music app.
Reply: Hey, we’re sorry to hear that! We’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout so they can look into this for you. You can find them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: Spotify supports misinformation, and I won't pay for that. Quit paid service and free Spotify is not worth it.
Reply: Hey Alexis, that’s odd! Have you tried a quick reinstall? If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: Has some good songs, plus some bad ones. Is an OK app, but very limited on free mode. Sometimes adds freeze, locking out the songs until app is reset. Plays songs that are not what I like at all, taste profile seems broken in places. Too many podcasts to scroll through while using Android Auto before music selection can be made.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. You can always add more tracks to your playlists to replace the ones we recommend. For more info, head to support.spotify.com > search for Playlists > Suggested songs. Don't worry, we'll pass your feedback onto the right team.

Review: Misinformation promoting content they refuse deal with that in addition to some Podcast ads unskippable for premium users in first party podcasts. I pay for an ad free / misinformation free experience and Spotify has decided they would rather take my money, sell ads, and promote dangerous lies.
Reply: Hey there! We understand how you might feel about this. Some podcasts, though, may include third-party ads on their episodes. There's more info about this at https://bit.ly/3ehNbMm.

Review: Why in my device spotify cannot Full Volume!!! Another Application Stream Music can Full Volume. Why only spotify.. this Bug
Reply: Hey, that's odd. If you haven't tried clearing the app's cache and running a clean reinstall, we'd suggest giving these a shot. If the issue persists, you can get in touch with our Customer Service so they can take a closer look. Just search “Contact us” at support.spotify.com, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: This is the best music service I have ever used.But please include music videos
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. We’d love to get some more info about this. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Lags randomly, can't pick the song I want to listen to because of it. Offline doesn't work with songs I've downloaded and I've put up with it for months because I'm subscribed and there is no good platform out there.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. Have you tried restarting your device or reinstalling the app? If that doesn’t help, we'd recommend reaching out to Customer Service. They should be able to lend a hand. Just search "Contact us" at http://support.spotify.com.

Review: I wanted to update my review, because after a small rough patch, Spotify has evolved in to the best music platform under the sun. It runs smoothly 100% of the time making it the most dependable app I've personally used. The addition of song lyrics was the icing on the cake. It has been a pleasure to be a premium user. Stellar work Spotify team, truly amazing.
Reply: Hey! We’d love to get some more info from you so we can investigate and help fix this. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: To be honest paying for an app is not ideal, even on premium it stops playing and you have to log in and start again.. not wow
Reply: Hey, you can pick and play songs on Premium. If you’ve never had Premium before, you should be eligible for our trial. You can also check other deals by heading over to https://www.spotify.com/premium/.

Review: Hot garbage! Songs can't be played in order of the album, instead that's a premium feature. Yet this is a default feature on say Xbox. Edit: The devs are saying premium shouldn't be premium? X for Doubt
Reply: Hey, that shouldn't be happening. Does restarting your device or reinstalling the app help? Feel free to give Customer Service a shout if that doesn't do the trick. Just head to support.spotify.com and search "Contact us".

Review: It's even a worse app then before I can't listen to the songs I want it adds bulsjit music to music that don't even match it like it would add rap songs to a calming Playlist
Reply: Hi Bentley! We’re sorry to hear that. We’d love to get some more info from you. If you have the time, give our Customer Service a shout so they can look into this for you. You can find them by heading to http://support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: Necessary evil. I've been a spotify member for years. EVERY update full of bugs that get fixed and replaced by more bugs by the next update. Why can't spotify just work? Love it when it works, hate it when it doesn't which is more often than not.
Reply: Hey! We’d love to get some more info from you so we can investigate and help fix this. If you have the time, give our support team a shout. You can find them here: https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX.

Review: I have had a Spotify Premium account for the past three years and I've enjoyed the experience. So much so that I upgraded to a Family account but now the other members that I added on the plan do not have the lyrics feature but I do. This doesn't make sense.
Reply: Hey, we're sorry to hear that. If you haven't tried reinstalling yet, we'd suggest giving it a go. If that doesn’t help, we’d recommend reaching out to our Customer Service by heading to support.spotify.com and searching ‘Contact us'.

Review: Love the variety of music just really wish songs wouldn't get removed weather it be the artists choice or not such as licensing I don't feel its right anyway. Beyond that I use Spotify over every other platform just wish I could view the covers via clicking on them as I was able to in previous versions to be able to see the art in a lager format is always great and it's no longer an option like it was
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. Music availability boils down to licensing agreements. If album covers aren't loading correctly on the app, we’d suggest running a clean reinstall first. If the issue persists, feel free to get in touch with our Customer Service so they can take a closer look. Head to support.spotify.com, and search for “Contact us”.

Review: Are you looking for commercial's? Spotify has lots of commercials. Also commericals are so much louder then the music it actually hurts my ears when they come on compared to the music. Updated 01/13/22... sooo many commercials.
Reply: Hey, thanks for reporting this. We’d love to get some more info so we can investigate. If you have the time, give Customer Service a shout. You can find them by heading to support.spotify.com and searching "Contact us".

Review: Latest release does not respond to Android Auto voice commands. Correction: sometimes it works. I don't engage Spotify tech support because past experience has been only a waste of time.
Reply: Hey, sorry to hear that. We'd like to take a closer look at your case. We'd suggest getting in touch with our Customer Service again so they can review your account and get this sorted. To reach them, head over to their contact form at spoti.fi/support, or send them a DM at twitter.com/SpotifyCares.

Review: Why can't you skip back without premium? Spotify keeps skipping songs on it's own, not only wasting my 6 skips but also going past something I'd like to listen to, but I can't go back without paying for it. Give going back it's own 6 an hour for all I care, I'd like to go back songs.
Reply: Hey! Have you tried restarting your device or reinstalling the app? If that doesn’t help, you can reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX. They should be able to lend a hand.

Review: Ads are fine, if anything they're a necessity. But not playing the songs in your play list and forcing you to listen to bands you don't like ain't cool. Also the app lags between multiple devices. Edit: Not being able to cancel your subscription in the app is ridiculous and honestly I thought companies were past that kind of predatory behaviour at this point, locking in consumers and putting up obstacles to stop them from unsubscring is no longer the norm and spotify needs to catch up.
Reply: Hey, thanks for the feedback. Suggested tracks are part of our free, ad-supported service. You can always add more songs to your playlists to replace the ones we recommend. We have more info about this here: https://bit.ly/2zw3Xbj.

Review: Considering stopping my subscription due to the quality of this app. I shouldn't have to restart the app/my phone multiple times a day because the app just decides not to play music, the one thing it's supposed to do. 2 years later and I still have this issue daily. Ridiculous
Reply: Hey! We'd love to help get this fixed. If you haven't tried reinstalling the app yet, we'd suggest trying these first. If the issue persists, you can reach out to our support team at https://bit.ly/2zhNwyX so they can take a closer look.

Review: I am 100% sure this is the worst music app I ever used . Nothing good about it . Full of adds you can never play the song you search and a lot of other shity stuff . Never recommend this to someone
Reply: Hey! We're sorry to hear you feel that way about our free service on mobile, but we appreciate your feedback. Don't worry, we have some tips that you can do to pick and play your music. Just head over to support.spotify.com > search "video tutorials" > watch the video under “Listen without shuffle on Spotify Free".

Review: The app lies. I tried listening to an ad to get 30 minutes ad free, and got an ad 4 minutes later. Update: Now it doesn't do the 30 minutes ad free at all. This app is such a pain to listen to music.
Reply: Hey there. Just to check, did you keep the video ad in focus by not navigating to other browsers or apps? If so, we'd suggest reaching out to Customer Service so they could look into this. You can get in touch with them by searching for "Contact us" at support.spotify.com. They'll help you out from there.

